Hi this is the solution to exercise 94 and for this exercise I'll ask you to remove the s letters from
this file.
So in https and also add a slash in here and this is how I did it.
So first I opened the text file in read mode and I created a list containing all these lines as items
and I'm just printing the list here for intermediate results and then I created a new file where I wanted
to drop, to throw, to put the new cleaned lines in there.
So in write mode and than while the file is open I iterate through this list. Let me execute the script
to see what's going on.
So this lines list look looks like this.
And now the key here is to start from the small bits.
So first you want to remove the s letters from those lines.
And so I created this variable inside the loop so that will be equal to line.replace s with
nothing.
So I'm replacing the S letters with an empty string which means I'm removing the S letters.
This one here,
this one specifies that I want to remove, to replace the first occurrence of S letters because you know if
you don't put S there, if you don't put 1 there Python will remove for this line.
For example it will remove this S but this one also.
So you'll end up with www.tackoverflow.com. You don't want that.
So that's why you need one there.
So at this point we have, in the first iteration we have a http google.com and then what we do to google
dot com we add a slash.
So how I'm doing that is you know I split the line. Let me print this one here line_remove_s,
print line_remove_s_add_slash execute.
So this is what's going on here.
So this is line_remove_s and from this I'm accessing the first six letters which is one, two, three, four,
five, and six.
After that I add a new slash which is this one in here.
Then I concatenate that with this part of the string so starting from position 6 up to the end.
So I'm concatenating these three strings in here and yeah that's the idea. I do that for all of the iterations,
for all the lines of the text file.
And of course I write this line remove_s_add_slash variable which is a concatenation of these three
strings.
Added to the file with write method. That is the idea.
So quite tricky and I hope you understand it now. Thanks, I'll talk to you later.